Air Lock (气闸)
While this Pokemon is active, the effects of weather conditions are disabled.

Arena Trap (沙穴)
Prevents opposing Pokemon from choosing to switch out unless they are airborne.

Battle Armor (战斗盔甲)
This Pokemon cannot be struck by a critical hit.

Blaze (猛火)
When this Pokemon has 1/3 or less of its maximum HP, rounded down, its Fire-type attacks have their power multiplied by 1.5.

Chlorophyll (叶绿素)
If Sunny Day is active, this Pokemon's Speed is doubled.

Clear Body (恒净之躯)
Prevents other Pokemon from lowering this Pokemon's stat stages.

Cloud Nine (无关天气)
While this Pokemon is active, the effects of weather conditions are disabled.

Color Change (变色)
This Pokemon's type changes to match the type of the last move that hit it, unless that type is already one of its types. This effect applies after each hit from a multi-hit move. This effect does not happen if this Pokemon did not lose HP from the attack.

Compound Eyes (复眼)
This Pokemon's moves have their accuracy multiplied by 1.3.

Cute Charm (迷人之躯)
There is a 1/3 chance a Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon will become infatuated if it is of the opposite gender. This effect does not happen if this Pokemon did not lose HP from the attack.

Damp (湿气)
While this Pokemon is active, Explosion and Self-Destruct are prevented from having an effect.

Drizzle (降雨)
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Rain Dance.

Drought (日照)
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Sunny Day.

Early Bird (早起)
This Pokemon's sleep counter drops by 2 instead of 1.

Effect Spore (孢子)
10% chance a Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon will be poisoned, paralyzed, or fall asleep. This effect does not happen if this Pokemon did not lose HP from the attack.

Flame Body (火焰之躯)
1/3 chance a Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon will be burned. This effect does not happen if this Pokemon did not lose HP from the attack.

Flash Fire (引火)
This Pokemon is immune to Fire-type moves, as long as it is not frozen. The first time it is hit by a Fire-type move, damage from its Fire-type attacks will be multiplied by 1.5 as long as it remains active and has this Ability. If this Pokemon has a non-volatile status condition, is a Fire type, or has a substitute, Will-O-Wisp will not activate this Ability.

Forecast (阴晴不定)
If this Pokemon is a Castform, its type changes to the current weather condition's type, except Sandstorm.

Guts (毅力)
If this Pokemon has a non-volatile status condition, its Attack is multiplied by 1.5. This Pokemon's physical attacks ignore the burn effect of halving damage.

Huge Power (大力士)
This Pokemon's Attack is doubled.

Hustle (活力)
This Pokemon's Attack is multiplied by 1.5 and the accuracy of its physical attacks is multiplied by 0.8.

Hyper Cutter (怪力钳)
Prevents other Pokemon from lowering this Pokemon's Attack stat stage.

Illuminate (发光)
No competitive use.

Immunity (免疫)
This Pokemon cannot be poisoned. Gaining this Ability while poisoned cures it.

Inner Focus (精神力)
This Pokemon cannot be made to flinch.

Insomnia (不眠)
This Pokemon cannot fall asleep. Gaining this Ability while asleep cures it.

Intimidate (威吓)
On switch-in, this Pokemon lowers the Attack of opposing Pokemon by 1 stage. Pokemon behind a substitute are immune.

Keen Eye (锐利目光)
Prevents other Pokemon from lowering this Pokemon's accuracy stat stage.

Levitate (飘浮)
This Pokemon is immune to Ground-type attacks and the effects of Spikes and the Arena Trap Ability.

Lightning Rod (避雷针)
If this Pokemon is not the target of a single-target Electric-type move used by an opposing Pokemon, this Pokemon redirects that move to itself. This effect considers Hidden Power a Normal-type move.

Limber (柔软)
This Pokemon cannot be paralyzed. Gaining this Ability while paralyzed cures it.

Liquid Ooze (污泥浆)
This Pokemon damages those draining HP from it for as much as they would heal. This effect does not consider Dream Eater.

Magma Armor (熔岩铠甲)
This Pokemon cannot be frozen. Gaining this Ability while frozen cures it.

Magnet Pull (磁力)
Prevents Steel-type Pokemon from choosing to switch out, other than this Pokemon.

Marvel Scale (神奇鳞片)
If this Pokemon has a non-volatile status condition, its Defense is multiplied by 1.5.

Minus (负电)
If an active Pokemon has the Plus Ability, this Pokemon's Special Attack is multiplied by 1.5.

Natural Cure (自然回复)
This Pokemon has its non-volatile status condition cured when it switches out.

Oblivious (迟钝)
This Pokemon cannot be infatuated. Gaining this Ability while infatuated cures it.

Overgrow (茂盛)
When this Pokemon has 1/3 or less of its maximum HP, rounded down, its Grass-type attacks have their power multiplied by 1.5.

Own Tempo (我行我素)
This Pokemon cannot be confused. Gaining this Ability while confused cures it.

Pickup (捡拾)
No competitive use.

Plus (正电)
If an active Pokemon has the Minus Ability, this Pokemon's Special Attack is multiplied by 1.5.

Poison Point (毒刺)
1/3 chance a Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon will be poisoned. This effect does not happen if this Pokemon did not lose HP from the attack.

Pressure (压迫感)
If this Pokemon is the target of another Pokemon's move, that move loses one additional PP.

Pure Power (瑜伽之力)
This Pokemon's Attack is doubled.

Rain Dish (雨盘)
If Rain Dance is active, this Pokemon restores 1/16 of its maximum HP, rounded down, at the end of each turn.

Rock Head (坚硬脑袋)
This Pokemon does not take recoil damage, except Struggle. Does not affect crash damage.

Rough Skin (粗糙皮肤)
Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon lose 1/16 of their maximum HP, rounded down. This effect does not happen if this Pokemon did not lose HP from the attack.

Run Away (逃跑)
No competitive use.

Sand Stream (扬沙)
On switch-in, this Pokemon summons Sandstorm.

Sand Veil (沙隐)
If Sandstorm is active, the accuracy of moves used against this Pokemon is multiplied by 0.8. This Pokemon takes no damage from Sandstorm.

Serene Grace (天恩)
This Pokemon's moves have their secondary effect chance doubled.

Shadow Tag (踩影)
Prevents opposing Pokemon from choosing to switch out.

Shed Skin (蜕皮)
This Pokemon has a 33% chance to have its non-volatile status condition cured at the end of each turn.

Shell Armor (硬壳盔甲)
This Pokemon cannot be struck by a critical hit.

Shield Dust (鳞粉)
This Pokemon is not affected by the secondary effect of another Pokemon's attack.

Soundproof (隔音)
This Pokemon is immune to sound-based moves, including Heal Bell.

Speed Boost (加速)
This Pokemon's Speed is raised by 1 stage at the end of each full turn it has been on the field.

Static (静电)
1/3 chance a Pokemon making contact with this Pokemon will be paralyzed. This effect does not happen if this Pokemon did not lose HP from the attack.

Stench (恶臭)
No competitive use.

Sticky Hold (黏着)
This Pokemon cannot lose its held item due to another Pokemon's attack, even if the attack knocks out this Pokemon. A Sticky Barb will be transferred to other Pokemon regardless of this Ability.

Sturdy (结实)
OHKO moves fail when used against this Pokemon.

Suction Cups (吸盘)
This Pokemon cannot be forced to switch out by another Pokemon's attack or item.

Swarm (虫之预感)
When this Pokemon has 1/3 or less of its maximum HP, rounded down, its Bug-type attacks have their power multiplied by 1.5.

Swift Swim (悠游自如)
If Rain Dance is active, this Pokemon's Speed is doubled.

Synchronize (同步)
If another Pokemon burns, paralyzes, or poisons this Pokemon, that Pokemon receives the same non-volatile status condition. If another Pokemon badly poisons this Pokemon, that Pokemon becomes poisoned.

Thick Fat (厚脂肪)
If a Pokemon uses a Fire- or Ice-type attack against this Pokemon, that Pokemon's Special Attack is halved when calculating the damage to this Pokemon.

Torrent (激流)
When this Pokemon has 1/3 or less of its maximum HP, rounded down, its Water-type attacks have their power multiplied by 1.5.

Trace (复制)
On switch-in, this Pokemon copies a random opposing Pokemon's Ability.

Truant (懒惰)
This Pokemon skips every other turn instead of using a move. If this Pokemon replaces a Pokemon that fainted during end-of-turn effects, its first turn will be skipped.

Vital Spirit (干劲)
This Pokemon cannot fall asleep. Gaining this Ability while asleep cures it.

Volt Absorb (蓄电)
This Pokemon is immune to damaging Electric-type moves and restores 1/4 of its maximum HP, rounded down, when hit by one.

Water Absorb (储水)
This Pokemon is immune to Water-type moves and restores 1/4 of its maximum HP, rounded down, when hit by a Water-type move.

Water Veil (水幕)
This Pokemon cannot be burned. Gaining this Ability while burned cures it.

White Smoke (白色烟雾)
Prevents other Pokemon from lowering this Pokemon's stat stages.

Wonder Guard (神奇守护)
This Pokemon is only damaged by supereffective moves and indirect damage.
