Absorb Bulb (球根)
Raises holder's Sp. Atk by 1 stage if hit by a Water-type attack. Single use.

Adamant Orb (金刚宝珠)
If held by a Dialga, its Steel- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Adrenaline Orb (胆怯球)
Raises holder's Speed by 1 stage if it gets affected by Intimidate. Single use.

Aguav Berry (乐芭果)
Restores 1/3 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -SpD Nature. Single use.

Air Balloon (气球)
Holder is immune to Ground-type attacks. Pops when holder is hit.

Apicot Berry (杏仔果)
Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Aspear Berry (利木果)
Holder is cured if it is frozen. Single use.

Assault Vest (突击背心)
Holder's Sp. Def is 1.5x, but it can only select damaging moves.

Babiri Berry (霹霹果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Steel-type attack. Single use.

Beast Ball (究极球)
A special Poke Ball designed to catch Ultra Beasts.

Berry Juice (树果汁)
Restores 20 HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Berry Sweet (野莓糖饰)
Evolves Milcery into Alcremie when held and spun around.

Big Nugget (巨大金珠)
A big nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam.

Big Root (大根茎)
Holder gains 1.3x HP from draining/Aqua Ring/Ingrain/Leech Seed/Strength Sap.

Binding Band (紧绑束带)
Holder's partial-trapping moves deal 1/6 max HP per turn instead of 1/8.

Black Belt (黑带)
Holder's Fighting-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Black Glasses (黑色眼镜)
Holder's Dark-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Black Sludge (黑色污泥)
Each turn, if holder is a Poison type, restores 1/16 max HP; loses 1/8 if not.

Blunder Policy (打空保险)
If the holder misses due to accuracy, its Speed is raised by 2 stages. Single use.

Bottle Cap (银色王冠)
Used for Hyper Training. One of a Pokemon's stats is calculated with an IV of 31.

Bright Powder (光粉)
The accuracy of attacks against the holder is 0.9x.

Bug Memory (虫子存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Bug type.

Burn Drive (火焰卡带)
Holder's Techno Blast is Fire type.

Cell Battery (充电电池)
Raises holder's Attack by 1 if hit by an Electric-type attack. Single use.

Charcoal (木炭)
Holder's Fire-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Charti Berry (草蚕果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Rock-type attack. Single use.

Cheri Berry (樱子果)
Holder cures itself if it is paralyzed. Single use.

Chesto Berry (零余果)
Holder wakes up if it is asleep. Single use.

Chilan Berry (灯浆果)
Halves damage taken from a Normal-type attack. Single use.

Chill Drive (冰冻卡带)
Holder's Techno Blast is Ice type.

Chipped Pot (缺损的茶壶)
Evolves Sinistea-Antique into Polteageist-Antique when used.

Choice Band (讲究头带)
Holder's Attack is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Choice Scarf (讲究围巾)
Holder's Speed is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Choice Specs (讲究眼镜)
Holder's Sp. Atk is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Chople Berry (莲蒲果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fighting-type attack. Single use.

Clover Sweet (幸运草糖饰)
Evolves Milcery into Alcremie when held and spun around.

Coba Berry (棱瓜果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Flying-type attack. Single use.

Colbur Berry (刺耳果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Dark-type attack. Single use.

Cracked Pot (破裂的茶壶)
Evolves Sinistea into Polteageist when used.

Custap Berry (释陀果)
Holder moves first in its priority bracket when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Damp Rock (潮湿岩石)
Holder's use of Rain Dance lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Dark Memory (黑暗存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Dark type.

Dawn Stone (觉醒之石)
Evolves male Kirlia into Gallade and female Snorunt into Froslass when used.

Deep Sea Scale (深海鳞片)
If held by a Clamperl, its Sp. Def is doubled. Evolves Clamperl into Gorebyss when traded.

Deep Sea Tooth (深海之牙)
If held by a Clamperl, its Sp. Atk is doubled. Evolves Clamperl into Huntail when traded.

Destiny Knot (红线)
If holder becomes infatuated, the other Pokemon also becomes infatuated.

Dive Ball (潜水球)
A Poke Ball that works especially well on Pokemon that live underwater.

Douse Drive (水流卡带)
Holder's Techno Blast is Water type.

Dragon Fang (龙之牙)
Holder's Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Dragon Memory (龙存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Dragon type.

Dragon Scale (龙之鳞片)
Evolves Seadra into Kingdra when traded.

Dream Ball (梦境球)
A Poke Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokémon while they're asleep.

Dubious Disc (可疑补丁)
Evolves Porygon2 into Porygon-Z when traded.

Dusk Ball (黑暗球)
A Poke Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokemon at night or in caves.

Dusk Stone (暗之石)
Evolves Murkrow into Honchkrow, Misdreavus into Mismagius, Lampent into Chandelure, and Doublade into Aegislash when used.

Eject Button (逃脱按键)
If holder survives a hit, it immediately switches out to a chosen ally. Single use.

Eject Pack (避难背包)
If the holder's stat stages are lowered, it switches to a chosen ally. Single use.

Electirizer (电力增幅器)
Evolves Electabuzz into Electivire when traded.

Electric Memory (电子存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Electric type.

Electric Seed (电气种子)
If the terrain is Electric Terrain, raises holder's Defense by 1 stage. Single use.

Enigma Berry (谜芝果)
Restores 1/4 max HP after holder is hit by a supereffective move. Single use.

Eviolite (进化奇石)
If holder's species can evolve, its Defense and Sp. Def are 1.5x.

Expert Belt (达人带)
Holder's attacks that are super effective against the target do 1.2x damage.

Fairy Memory (妖精存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Fairy type.

Fast Ball (速度球)
A Poke Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokemon which are quick to run away.

Fighting Memory (战斗存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Fighting type.

Figy Berry (勿花果)
Restores 1/3 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -Atk Nature. Single use.

Fire Memory (火焰存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Fire type.

Fire Stone (火之石)
Evolves Vulpix into Ninetales, Growlithe into Arcanine, Eevee into Flareon, and Pansear into Simisear when used.

Flame Orb (火焰宝珠)
At the end of every turn, this item attempts to burn the holder.

Float Stone (轻石)
Holder's weight is halved.

Flower Sweet (花朵糖饰)
Evolves Milcery into Alcremie when held and spun around.

Flying Memory (飞翔存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Flying type.

Focus Band (气势头带)
Holder has a 10% chance to survive an attack that would KO it with 1 HP.

Focus Sash (气势披带)
If holder's HP is full, will survive an attack that would KO it with 1 HP. Single use.

Fossilized Bird (化石鸟)
Can revive into Dracozolt with Fossilized Drake or Arctozolt with Fossilized Dino.

Fossilized Dino (化石海兽)
Can revive into Arctovish with Fossilized Fish or Arctozolt with Fossilized Bird.

Fossilized Drake (化石龙)
Can revive into Dracozolt with Fossilized Bird or Dracovish with Fossilized Fish.

Fossilized Fish (化石鱼)
Can revive into Dracovish with Fossilized Drake or Arctovish with Fossilized Dino.

Friend Ball (友友球)
A Poke Ball that makes caught Pokemon more friendly.

Full Incense (饱腹薰香)
Holder moves last in its priority bracket.

Galarica Cuff (伽勒豆蔻手环)
Evolves Galarian Slowpoke into Galarian Slowbro when used.

Galarica Wreath (伽勒豆蔻花圈)
Evolves Galarian Slowpoke into Galarian Slowking when used.

Ganlon Berry (龙睛果)
Raises holder's Defense by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Ghost Memory (幽灵存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Ghost type.

Gold Bottle Cap (金色王冠)
Used for Hyper Training. All of a Pokemon's stats are calculated with an IV of 31.

Grass Memory (青草存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Grass type.

Grassy Seed (青草种子)
If the terrain is Grassy Terrain, raises holder's Defense by 1 stage. Single use.

Great Ball (超级球)
A high-performance Ball that provides a higher catch rate than a Poke Ball.

Grepa Berry (萄葡果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Grip Claw (紧缠钩爪)
Holder's partial-trapping moves always last 7 turns.

Griseous Orb (白金宝珠)
If held by a Giratina, its Ghost- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Ground Memory (大地存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Ground type.

Haban Berry (莓榴果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Dragon-type attack. Single use.

Hard Stone (硬石头)
Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Heal Ball (治愈球)
A remedial Poke Ball that restores the caught Pokemon's HP and status problem.

Heat Rock (炽热岩石)
Holder's use of Sunny Day lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Heavy Ball (沉重球)
A Poke Ball for catching very heavy Pokemon.

Heavy-Duty Boots (厚底靴)
When switching in, the holder is unaffected by hazards on its side of the field.

Hondew Berry (哈密果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Iapapa Berry (芭亚果)
Restores 1/3 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -Def Nature. Single use.

Ice Memory (冰雪存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Ice type.

Ice Stone (冰之石)
Evolves Alolan Sandshrew into Alolan Sandslash, Alolan Vulpix into Alolan Ninetales, Eevee into Glaceon, and Galarian Darumaka into Galarian Darmanitan when used.

Icy Rock (冰冷岩石)
Holder's use of Hail lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Iron Ball (黑色铁球)
Holder is grounded, Speed halved. If Flying type, takes neutral Ground damage.

Jaboca Berry (嘉珍果)
If holder is hit by a physical move, attacker loses 1/8 of its max HP. Single use.

Kasib Berry (佛柑果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ghost-type attack. Single use.

Kebia Berry (通通果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Poison-type attack. Single use.

Kee Berry (亚开果)
Raises holder's Defense by 1 stage after it is hit by a physical attack. Single use.

Kelpsy Berry (藻根果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

King's Rock
Holder's attacks without a chance to make the target flinch gain a 10% chance to make the target flinch. Evolves Poliwhirl into Politoed and Slowpoke into Slowking when traded.

Lagging Tail (后攻之尾)
Holder moves last in its priority bracket.

Lansat Berry (兰萨果)
Holder gains the Focus Energy effect when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Lax Incense (悠闲薰香)
The accuracy of attacks against the holder is 0.9x.

Leaf Stone (叶之石)
Evolves Gloom into Vileplume, Weepinbell into Victreebel, Exeggcute into Exeggutor or Alolan Exeggutor, Eevee into Leafeon, Nuzleaf into Shiftry, and Pansage into Simisage when used.

Leek (大葱)
If held by a Farfetch’d or Sirfetch’d, its critical hit ratio is raised by 2 stages.

Leftovers (吃剩的东西)
At the end of every turn, holder restores 1/16 of its max HP.

Leppa Berry (苹野果)
Restores 10 PP to the first of the holder's moves to reach 0 PP. Single use.

Level Ball (等级球)
A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that are a lower level than your own.

Liechi Berry (枝荔果)
Raises holder's Attack by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Life Orb (生命宝珠)
Holder's attacks do 1.3x damage, and it loses 1/10 its max HP after the attack.

Light Ball (电气球)
If held by a Pikachu, its Attack and Sp. Atk are doubled.

Light Clay (光之黏土)
Holder's use of Aurora Veil, Light Screen, or Reflect lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Love Ball (甜蜜球)
Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that are the opposite gender of your Pokemon.

Love Sweet (爱心糖饰)
Evolves Milcery into Alcremie when held and spun around.

Lum Berry (木子果)
Holder cures itself if it has a non-volatile status or is confused. Single use.

Luminous Moss (光苔)
Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage if hit by a Water-type attack. Single use.

Lure Ball (诱饵球)
A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon hooked by a Rod when fishing.

Lustrous Orb (白玉宝珠)
If held by a Palkia, its Water- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Luxury Ball (豪华球)
A comfortable Poke Ball that makes a caught wild Pokemon quickly grow friendly.

Macho Brace (强制锻炼器)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Magmarizer (熔岩增幅器)
Evolves Magmar into Magmortar when traded.

Magnet (磁铁)
Holder's Electric-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Mago Berry (芒芒果)
Restores 1/3 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -Spe Nature. Single use.

Maranga Berry (香罗果)
Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage after it is hit by a special attack. Single use.

Master Ball (大师球)
The best Ball with the ultimate performance. It will catch any wild Pokemon.

Mental Herb (心灵香草)
Cures holder of Attract, Disable, Encore, Heal Block, Taunt, Torment. Single use.

Metal Coat (金属膜)
Holder's Steel-type attacks have 1.2x power. Evolves Onix into Steelix and Scyther into Scizor when traded.

Metal Powder (金属粉)
If held by a Ditto that hasn't Transformed, its Defense is doubled.

Metronome (节拍器)
Damage of moves used on consecutive turns is increased. Max 2x after 5 turns.

Micle Berry (奇秘果)
Holder's next move has 1.2x accuracy when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Miracle Seed (奇迹种子)
Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Misty Seed (薄雾种子)
If the terrain is Misty Terrain, raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage. Single use.

Moon Ball (月亮球)
A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that evolve using the Moon Stone.

Moon Stone (月之石)
Evolves Nidorina into Nidoqueen, Nidorino into Nidoking, Clefairy into Clefable, Jigglypuff into Wigglytuff, Skitty into Delcatty, and Munna into Musharna when used.

Muscle Band (力量头带)
Holder's physical attacks have 1.1x power.

Mystic Water (神秘水滴)
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Nest Ball (巢穴球)
A Poke Ball that works especially well on weaker Pokemon in the wild.

Net Ball (捕网球)
A Poke Ball that works especially well on Water- and Bug-type Pokemon.

Never-Melt Ice (不融冰)
Holder's Ice-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Normal Gem (一般宝石)
Holder's first successful Normal-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.

Occa Berry (巧可果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fire-type attack. Single use.

Odd Incense (奇异薰香)
Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Oran Berry (橙橙果)
Restores 10 HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Oval Stone (浑圆之石)
Evolves Happiny into Chansey when held and leveled up during the day.

Passho Berry (千香果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Water-type attack. Single use.

Payapa Berry (福禄果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Psychic-type attack. Single use.

Pecha Berry (桃桃果)
Holder is cured if it is poisoned. Single use.

Persim Berry (柿仔果)
Holder is cured if it is confused. Single use.

Petaya Berry (龙火果)
Raises holder's Sp. Atk by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Pixie Plate (妖精石板)
Holder's Fairy-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fairy type.

Poison Barb (毒针)
Holder's Poison-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Poison Memory (毒存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Poison type.

Poke Ball
A device for catching wild Pokemon. It is designed as a capsule system.

Pomeg Berry (榴石果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Power Anklet (力量护踝)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Band (力量束带)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Belt (力量腰带)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Bracer (力量护腕)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Herb (强力香草)
Holder's two-turn moves complete in one turn (except Sky Drop). Single use.

Power Lens (力量镜)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Weight (力量负重)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Premier Ball (纪念球)
A rare Poke Ball that has been crafted to commemorate an event.

Prism Scale (美丽鳞片)
Evolves Feebas into Milotic when traded.

Protective Pads (部位护具)
Holder's moves are protected from adverse contact effects, except Pickpocket.

Protector (护具)
Evolves Rhydon into Rhyperior when traded.

Psychic Memory (精神存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Psychic type.

Psychic Seed (精神种子)
If the terrain is Psychic Terrain, raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage. Single use.

Qualot Berry (比巴果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Quick Ball (先机球)
A Poke Ball that provides a better catch rate at the start of a wild encounter.

Quick Claw (先制之爪)
Each turn, holder has a 20% chance to move first in its priority bracket.

Quick Powder (速度粉)
If held by a Ditto that hasn't Transformed, its Speed is doubled.

Rare Bone (贵重骨头)
No competitive use other than when used with Fling.

Rawst Berry (莓莓果)
Holder is cured if it is burned. Single use.

Razor Claw (锐利之爪)
Holder's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage. Evolves Sneasel into Weavile when held and leveled up during the night.

Reaper Cloth (灵界之布)
Evolves Dusclops into Dusknoir when traded.

Red Card (红牌)
If holder survives a hit, attacker is forced to switch to a random ally. Single use.

Repeat Ball (重复球)
A Poke Ball that works well on Pokemon species that were previously caught.

Ribbon Sweet (蝴蝶结糖饰)
Evolves Milcery into Alcremie when held and spun around.

Rindo Berry (罗子果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Grass-type attack. Single use.

Ring Target (标靶)
The holder's type immunities granted solely by its typing are negated.

Rock Incense (岩石薰香)
Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Rock Memory (岩石存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Rock type.

Rocky Helmet (凸凸头盔)
If holder is hit by a contact move, the attacker loses 1/6 of its max HP.

Room Service (客房服务)
If Trick Room is active, the holder's Speed is lowered by 1 stage. Single use.

Rose Incense (花朵薰香)
Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Roseli Berry (洛玫果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fairy-type attack. Single use.

Rowap Berry (雾莲果)
If holder is hit by a special move, attacker loses 1/8 of its max HP. Single use.

Rusted Shield (腐朽的盾)
If held by a Zamazenta, this item changes its forme to Crowned Shield.

Rusted Sword (腐朽的剑)
If held by a Zacian, this item changes its forme to Crowned Sword.

Sachet (香袋)
Evolves Spritzee into Aromatisse when traded.

Safari Ball (狩猎球)
A special Poke Ball that is used only in the Safari Zone and Great Marsh.

Safety Goggles (防尘护目镜)
Holder is immune to powder moves and damage from Sandstorm or Hail.

Salac Berry (沙鳞果)
Raises holder's Speed by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Scope Lens (焦点镜)
Holder's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage.

Sea Incense (海潮薰香)
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Sharp Beak (锐利鸟嘴)
Holder's Flying-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Shed Shell (美丽空壳)
Holder may switch out even when trapped by another Pokemon, or by Ingrain.

Shell Bell (贝壳之铃)
After an attack, holder gains 1/8 of the damage in HP dealt to other Pokemon.

Shiny Stone (光之石)
Evolves Togetic into Togekiss, Roselia into Roserade, Minccino into Cinccino, and Floette into Florges when used.

Shock Drive (闪电卡带)
Holder's Techno Blast is Electric type.

Shuca Berry (腰木果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ground-type attack. Single use.

Silk Scarf (丝绸围巾)
Holder's Normal-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Silver Powder (银粉)
Holder's Bug-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Sitrus Berry (文柚果)
Restores 1/4 max HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Smooth Rock (沙沙岩石)
Holder's use of Sandstorm lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Snowball (雪球)
Raises holder's Attack by 1 if hit by an Ice-type attack. Single use.

Soft Sand (柔软沙子)
Holder's Ground-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Soul Dew (心之水滴)
If held by a Latias/Latios, its Dragon- and Psychic-type moves have 1.2x power.

Spell Tag (咒术之符)
Holder's Ghost-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Sport Ball (竞赛球)
A special Poke Ball for the Bug-Catching Contest.

Star Sweet (星星糖饰)
Evolves Milcery into Alcremie when held and spun around.

Starf Berry (星桃果)
Raises a random stat by 2 when at 1/4 max HP or less (not acc/eva). Single use.

Steel Memory (钢铁存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Steel type.

Sticky Barb (附着针)
Each turn, holder loses 1/8 max HP. An attacker making contact can receive it.

Strawberry Sweet (草莓糖饰)
Evolves Milcery into Alcremie when held and spun around.

Sun Stone (日之石)
Evolves Gloom into Bellossom, Sunkern into Sunflora, Cottonee into Whimsicott, Petilil into Lilligant, and Helioptile into Heliolisk when used.

Sweet Apple (甜甜苹果)
Evolves Applin into Appletun when used.

Tamato Berry (茄番果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Tanga Berry (扁樱果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Bug-type attack. Single use.

Tart Apple (酸酸苹果)
Evolves Applin into Flapple when used.

Terrain Extender (大地膜)
Holder's use of Electric/Grassy/Misty/Psychic Terrain lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Thick Club (粗骨头)
If held by a Cubone or a Marowak, its Attack is doubled.

Throat Spray (爽喉喷雾)
Raises holder's Special Attack by 1 stage after it uses a sound move. Single use.

Thunder Stone (雷之石)
Evolves Pikachu into Raichu or Alolan Raichu, Eevee into Jolteon, Eelektrik into Eelektross, and Charjabug into Vikavolt when used.

Timer Ball (计时球)
A Poke Ball that becomes better the more turns there are in a battle.

Toxic Orb (剧毒宝珠)
At the end of every turn, this item attempts to badly poison the holder.

TR00 (招式记录００)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Swords Dance. One use.

TR01 (招式记录０１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Body Slam. One use.

TR02 (招式记录０２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Flamethrower. One use.

TR03 (招式记录０３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Hydro Pump. One use.

TR04 (招式记录０４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Surf. One use.

TR05 (招式记录０５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Ice Beam. One use.

TR06 (招式记录０６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Blizzard. One use.

TR07 (招式记录０７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Low Kick. One use.

TR08 (招式记录０８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Thunderbolt. One use.

TR09 (招式记录０９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Thunder. One use.

TR10 (招式记录１０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Earthquake. One use.

TR11 (招式记录１１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Psychic. One use.

TR12 (招式记录１２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Agility. One use.

TR13 (招式记录１３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Focus Energy. One use.

TR14 (招式记录１４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Metronome. One use.

TR15 (招式记录１５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Fire Blast. One use.

TR16 (招式记录１６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Waterfall. One use.

TR17 (招式记录１７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Amnesia. One use.

TR18 (招式记录１８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Leech Life. One use.

TR19 (招式记录１９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Tri Attack. One use.

TR20 (招式记录２０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Substitute. One use.

TR21 (招式记录２１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Reversal. One use.

TR22 (招式记录２２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Sludge Bomb. One use.

TR23 (招式记录２３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Spikes. One use.

TR24 (招式记录２４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Outrage. One use.

TR25 (招式记录２５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Psyshock. One use.

TR26 (招式记录２６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Endure. One use.

TR27 (招式记录２７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Sleep Talk. One use.

TR28 (招式记录２８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Megahorn. One use.

TR29 (招式记录２９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Baton Pass. One use.

TR30 (招式记录３０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Encore. One use.

TR31 (招式记录３１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Iron Tail. One use.

TR32 (招式记录３２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Crunch. One use.

TR33 (招式记录３３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Shadow Ball. One use.

TR34 (招式记录３４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Future Sight. One use.

TR35 (招式记录３５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Uproar. One use.

TR36 (招式记录３６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Heat Wave. One use.

TR37 (招式记录３７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Taunt. One use.

TR38 (招式记录３８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Trick. One use.

TR39 (招式记录３９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Superpower. One use.

TR40 (招式记录４０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Skill Swap. One use.

TR41 (招式记录４１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Blaze Kick. One use.

TR42 (招式记录４２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Hyper Voice. One use.

TR43 (招式记录４３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Overheat. One use.

TR44 (招式记录４４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Cosmic Power. One use.

TR45 (招式记录４５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Muddy Water. One use.

TR46 (招式记录４６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Iron Defense. One use.

TR47 (招式记录４７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Dragon Claw. One use.

TR48 (招式记录４８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Bulk Up. One use.

TR49 (招式记录４９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Calm Mind. One use.

TR50 (招式记录５０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Leaf Blade. One use.

TR51 (招式记录５１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Dragon Dance. One use.

TR52 (招式记录５２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Gyro Ball. One use.

TR53 (招式记录５３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Close Combat. One use.

TR54 (招式记录５４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Toxic Spikes. One use.

TR55 (招式记录５５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Flare Blitz. One use.

TR56 (招式记录５６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Aura Sphere. One use.

TR57 (招式记录５７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Poison Jab. One use.

TR58 (招式记录５８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Dark Pulse. One use.

TR59 (招式记录５９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Seed Bomb. One use.

TR60 (招式记录６０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move X-Scissor. One use.

TR61 (招式记录６１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Bug Buzz. One use.

TR62 (招式记录６２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Dragon Pulse. One use.

TR63 (招式记录６３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Power Gem. One use.

TR64 (招式记录６４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Focus Blast. One use.

TR65 (招式记录６５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Energy Ball. One use.

TR66 (招式记录６６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Brave Bird. One use.

TR67 (招式记录６７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Earth Power. One use.

TR68 (招式记录６８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Nasty Plot. One use.

TR69 (招式记录６９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Zen Headbutt. One use.

TR70 (招式记录７０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Flash Cannon. One use.

TR71 (招式记录７１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Leaf Storm. One use.

TR72 (招式记录７２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Power Whip. One use.

TR73 (招式记录７３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Gunk Shot. One use.

TR74 (招式记录７４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Iron Head. One use.

TR75 (招式记录７５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Stone Edge. One use.

TR76 (招式记录７６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Stealth Rock. One use.

TR77 (招式记录７７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Grass Knot. One use.

TR78 (招式记录７８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Sludge Wave. One use.

TR79 (招式记录７９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Heavy Slam. One use.

TR80 (招式记录８０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Electro Ball. One use.

TR81 (招式记录８１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Foul Play. One use.

TR82 (招式记录８２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Stored Power. One use.

TR83 (招式记录８３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Ally Switch. One use.

TR84 (招式记录８４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Scald. One use.

TR85 (招式记录８５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Work Up. One use.

TR86 (招式记录８６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Wild Charge. One use.

TR87 (招式记录８７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Drill Run. One use.

TR88 (招式记录８８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Heat Crash. One use.

TR89 (招式记录８９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Hurricane. One use.

TR90 (招式记录９０)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Play Rough. One use.

TR91 (招式记录９１)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Venom Drench. One use.

TR92 (招式记录９２)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Dazzling Gleam. One use.

TR93 (招式记录９３)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Darkest Lariat. One use.

TR94 (招式记录９４)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move High Horsepower. One use.

TR95 (招式记录９５)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Throat Chop. One use.

TR96 (招式记录９６)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Pollen Puff. One use.

TR97 (招式记录９７)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Psychic Fangs. One use.

TR98 (招式记录９８)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Liquidation. One use.

TR99 (招式记录９９)
Teaches certain Pokemon the move Body Press. One use.

Twisted Spoon (弯曲的汤匙)
Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Ultra Ball (高级球)
An ultra-performance Ball that provides a higher catch rate than a Great Ball.

Up-Grade
Evolves Porygon into Porygon2 when traded.

Utility Umbrella (万能伞)
The holder ignores rain- and sun-based effects. Damage and accuracy calculations from attacks used by the holder are affected by rain and sun, but not attacks used against the holder.

Wacan Berry (烛木果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Electric-type attack. Single use.

Water Memory (清水存储碟)
Holder's Multi-Attack is Water type.

Water Stone (水之石)
Evolves Poliwhirl into Poliwrath, Shellder into Cloyster, Staryu into Starmie, Eevee into Vaporeon, Lombre into Ludicolo, and Panpour into Simipour when used.

Wave Incense (涟漪薰香)
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Weakness Policy (弱点保险)
If holder is hit super effectively, raises Attack, Sp. Atk by 2 stages. Single use.

Whipped Dream (泡沫奶油)
Evolves Swirlix into Slurpuff when traded.

White Herb (白色香草)
Restores all lowered stat stages to 0 when one is less than 0. Single use.

Wide Lens (广角镜)
The accuracy of attacks by the holder is 1.1x.

Wiki Berry (异奇果)
Restores 1/3 max HP at 1/4 max HP or less; confuses if -SpA Nature. Single use.

Wise Glasses (博识眼镜)
Holder's special attacks have 1.1x power.

Yache Berry (番荔果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ice-type attack. Single use.

Zoom Lens (对焦镜)
The accuracy of attacks by the holder is 1.2x if it moves after its target.
