Abomasite
If held by an Abomasnow, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Absolite
If held by an Absol, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Absorb Bulb
Raises holder's Sp. Atk by 1 stage if hit by a Water-type attack. Single use.

Adamant Orb
If held by a Dialga, its Steel- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Aerodactylite
If held by an Aerodactyl, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Aggronite
If held by an Aggron, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Aguav Berry
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -SpD Nature. Single use.

Air Balloon
Holder is immune to Ground-type attacks. Pops when holder is hit.

Alakazite
If held by an Alakazam, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Altarianite
If held by an Altaria, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Ampharosite
If held by an Ampharos, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Apicot Berry
Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Armor Fossil
Can be revived into Shieldon.

Aspear Berry
Holder is cured if it is frozen. Single use.

Assault Vest
Holder's Sp. Def is 1.5x, but it can only select damaging moves.

Audinite
If held by an Audino, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Babiri Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Steel-type attack. Single use.

Banettite
If held by a Banette, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Beedrillite
If held by a Beedrill, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Belue Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Berry Juice
Restores 20 HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Big Nugget
A big nugget of pure gold that gives off a lustrous gleam.

Big Root
Holder gains 1.3x HP from draining moves, Aqua Ring, Ingrain, and Leech Seed.

Binding Band
Holder's partial-trapping moves deal 1/6 max HP per turn instead of 1/8.

Black Belt
Holder's Fighting-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Black Glasses
Holder's Dark-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Black Sludge
Each turn, if holder is a Poison type, restores 1/16 max HP; loses 1/8 if not.

Blastoisinite
If held by a Blastoise, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Blazikenite
If held by a Blaziken, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Blue Orb
If held by a Kyogre, this item triggers its Primal Reversion in battle.

Bluk Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Bright Powder
The accuracy of attacks against the holder is 0.9x.

Burn Drive
Holder's Techno Blast is Fire type.

Cameruptite
If held by a Camerupt, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Cell Battery
Raises holder's Attack by 1 if hit by an Electric-type attack. Single use.

Charcoal
Holder's Fire-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Charizardite X
If held by a Charizard, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Charizardite Y
If held by a Charizard, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Charti Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Rock-type attack. Single use.

Cheri Berry
Holder cures itself if it is paralyzed. Single use.

Chesto Berry
Holder wakes up if it is asleep. Single use.

Chilan Berry
Halves damage taken from a Normal-type attack. Single use.

Chill Drive
Holder's Techno Blast is Ice type.

Choice Band
Holder's Attack is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Choice Scarf
Holder's Speed is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Choice Specs
Holder's Sp. Atk is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Chople Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fighting-type attack. Single use.

Claw Fossil
Can be revived into Anorith.

Coba Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Flying-type attack. Single use.

Colbur Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Dark-type attack. Single use.

Cornn Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Cover Fossil
Can be revived into Tirtouga.

Custap Berry
Holder moves first in its priority bracket when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Damp Rock
Holder's use of Rain Dance lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Dawn Stone
Evolves male Kirlia into Gallade and female Snorunt into Froslass when used.

Deep Sea Scale
If held by a Clamperl, its Sp. Def is doubled. Evolves Clamperl into Gorebyss when traded.

Deep Sea Tooth
If held by a Clamperl, its Sp. Atk is doubled. Evolves Clamperl into Huntail when traded.

Destiny Knot
If holder becomes infatuated, the other Pokemon also becomes infatuated.

Diancite
If held by a Diancie, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Dive Ball
A Poke Ball that works especially well on Pokemon that live underwater.

Dome Fossil
Can be revived into Kabuto.

Douse Drive
Holder's Techno Blast is Water type.

Draco Plate
Holder's Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Dragon type.

Dragon Fang
Holder's Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Dragon Scale
Evolves Seadra into Kingdra when traded.

Dread Plate
Holder's Dark-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Dark type.

Dubious Disc
Evolves Porygon2 into Porygon-Z when traded.

Durin Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Dusk Ball
A Poke Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokemon at night or in caves.

Dusk Stone
Evolves Murkrow into Honchkrow, Misdreavus into Mismagius, Lampent into Chandelure, and Doublade into Aegislash when used.

Earth Plate
Holder's Ground-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ground type.

Eject Button
If holder survives a hit, it immediately switches out to a chosen ally. Single use.

Electirizer
Evolves Electabuzz into Electivire when traded.

Enigma Berry
Restores 1/4 max HP after holder is hit by a supereffective move. Single use.

Eviolite
If holder's species can evolve, its Defense and Sp. Def are 1.5x.

Expert Belt
Holder's attacks that are super effective against the target do 1.2x damage.

Figy Berry
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -Atk Nature. Single use.

Fire Stone
Evolves Vulpix into Ninetales, Growlithe into Arcanine, Eevee into Flareon, and Pansear into Simisear when used.

Fist Plate
Holder's Fighting-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fighting type.

Flame Orb
At the end of every turn, this item attempts to burn the holder.

Flame Plate
Holder's Fire-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fire type.

Float Stone
Holder's weight is halved.

Focus Band
Holder has a 10% chance to survive an attack that would KO it with 1 HP.

Focus Sash
If holder's HP is full, will survive an attack that would KO it with 1 HP. Single use.

Friend Ball
A Poke Ball that makes caught Pokemon more friendly.

Full Incense
Holder moves last in its priority bracket.

Galladite
If held by a Gallade, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Ganlon Berry
Raises holder's Defense by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Garchompite
If held by a Garchomp, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Gardevoirite
If held by a Gardevoir, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Gengarite
If held by a Gengar, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Glalitite
If held by a Glalie, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Great Ball
A high-performance Ball that provides a higher catch rate than a Poke Ball.

Grepa Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Grip Claw
Holder's partial-trapping moves always last 7 turns.

Griseous Orb
If held by a Giratina, its Ghost- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Gyaradosite
If held by a Gyarados, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Haban Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Dragon-type attack. Single use.

Hard Stone
Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Heal Ball
A remedial Poke Ball that restores the caught Pokemon's HP and status problem.

Heat Rock
Holder's use of Sunny Day lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Helix Fossil
Can be revived into Omanyte.

Heracronite
If held by a Heracross, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Hondew Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Houndoominite
If held by a Houndoom, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Iapapa Berry
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -Def Nature. Single use.

Icicle Plate
Holder's Ice-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ice type.

Icy Rock
Holder's use of Hail lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Insect Plate
Holder's Bug-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Bug type.

Iron Ball
Holder is grounded, Speed halved. If Flying type, takes neutral Ground damage.

Iron Plate
Holder's Steel-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Steel type.

Jaboca Berry
If holder is hit by a physical move, attacker loses 1/8 of its max HP. Single use.

Jaw Fossil
Can be revived into Tyrunt.

Kangaskhanite
If held by a Kangaskhan, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Kasib Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ghost-type attack. Single use.

Kebia Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Poison-type attack. Single use.

Kee Berry
Raises holder's Defense by 1 stage after it is hit by a physical attack. Single use.

Kelpsy Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

King's Rock
Holder's attacks without a chance to make the target flinch gain a 10% chance to make the target flinch. Evolves Poliwhirl into Politoed and Slowpoke into Slowking when traded.

Lagging Tail
Holder moves last in its priority bracket.

Lansat Berry
Holder gains the Focus Energy effect when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Latiasite
If held by a Latias, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Latiosite
If held by a Latios, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Lax Incense
The accuracy of attacks against the holder is 0.9x.

Leaf Stone
Evolves Gloom into Vileplume, Weepinbell into Victreebel, Exeggcute into Exeggutor or Alolan Exeggutor, Nuzleaf into Shiftry, and Pansage into Simisage when used.

Leftovers
At the end of every turn, holder restores 1/16 of its max HP.

Leppa Berry
Restores 10 PP to the first of the holder's moves to reach 0 PP. Single use.

Liechi Berry
Raises holder's Attack by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Life Orb
Holder's attacks do 1.3x damage, and it loses 1/10 its max HP after the attack.

Light Ball
If held by a Pikachu, its Attack and Sp. Atk are doubled.

Light Clay
Holder's use of Light Screen or Reflect lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Lopunnite
If held by a Lopunny, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Lucarionite
If held by a Lucario, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Lucky Punch
If held by a Chansey, its critical hit ratio is raised by 2 stages.

Lum Berry
Holder cures itself if it has a non-volatile status or is confused. Single use.

Luminous Moss
Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage if hit by a Water-type attack. Single use.

Lustrous Orb
If held by a Palkia, its Water- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Luxury Ball
A comfortable Poke Ball that makes a caught wild Pokemon quickly grow friendly.

Macho Brace
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Magmarizer
Evolves Magmar into Magmortar when traded.

Magnet
Holder's Electric-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Mago Berry
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -Spe Nature. Single use.

Magost Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Manectite
If held by a Manectric, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Maranga Berry
Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage after it is hit by a special attack. Single use.

Master Ball
The best Ball with the ultimate performance. It will catch any wild Pokemon.

Mawilite
If held by a Mawile, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Meadow Plate
Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Grass type.

Medichamite
If held by a Medicham, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Mental Herb
Cures holder of Attract, Disable, Encore, Heal Block, Taunt, Torment. Single use.

Metagrossite
If held by a Metagross, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Metal Coat
Holder's Steel-type attacks have 1.2x power. Evolves Onix into Steelix and Scyther into Scizor when traded.

Metal Powder
If held by a Ditto that hasn't Transformed, its Defense is doubled.

Metronome
Damage of moves used on consecutive turns is increased. Max 2x after 5 turns.

Mewtwonite X
If held by a Mewtwo, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Mewtwonite Y
If held by a Mewtwo, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Micle Berry
Holder's next move has 1.2x accuracy when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Mind Plate
Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Psychic type.

Miracle Seed
Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Moon Stone
Evolves Nidorina into Nidoqueen, Nidorino into Nidoking, Clefairy into Clefable, Jigglypuff into Wigglytuff, Skitty into Delcatty, and Munna into Musharna when used.

Muscle Band
Holder's physical attacks have 1.1x power.

Mystic Water
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Nanab Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Nest Ball
A Poke Ball that works especially well on weaker Pokemon in the wild.

Net Ball
A Poke Ball that works especially well on Water- and Bug-type Pokemon.

Never-Melt Ice
Holder's Ice-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Nomel Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Normal Gem
Holder's first successful Normal-type attack will have 1.3x power. Single use.

Occa Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fire-type attack. Single use.

Odd Incense
Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Old Amber
Can be revived into Aerodactyl.

Oran Berry
Restores 10 HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Oval Stone
Evolves Happiny into Chansey when held and leveled up during the day.

Pamtre Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Passho Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Water-type attack. Single use.

Payapa Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Psychic-type attack. Single use.

Pecha Berry
Holder is cured if it is poisoned. Single use.

Persim Berry
Holder is cured if it is confused. Single use.

Petaya Berry
Raises holder's Sp. Atk by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Pidgeotite
If held by a Pidgeot, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Pinap Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Pinsirite
If held by a Pinsir, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Pixie Plate
Holder's Fairy-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fairy type.

Plume Fossil
Can be revived into Archen.

Poison Barb
Holder's Poison-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Poke Ball
A device for catching wild Pokemon. It is designed as a capsule system.

Pomeg Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Power Anklet
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Band
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Belt
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Bracer
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Herb
Holder's two-turn moves complete in one turn (except Sky Drop). Single use.

Power Lens
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Weight
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Premier Ball
A rare Poke Ball that has been crafted to commemorate an event.

Prism Scale
Evolves Feebas into Milotic when traded.

Protector
Evolves Rhydon into Rhyperior when traded.

Qualot Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Quick Ball
A Poke Ball that provides a better catch rate at the start of a wild encounter.

Quick Claw
Each turn, holder has a 20% chance to move first in its priority bracket.

Quick Powder
If held by a Ditto that hasn't Transformed, its Speed is doubled.

Rabuta Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Rare Bone
No competitive use other than when used with Fling.

Rawst Berry
Holder is cured if it is burned. Single use.

Razor Claw
Holder's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage. Evolves Sneasel into Weavile when held and leveled up during the night.

Razor Fang
Holder's attacks without a chance to make the target flinch gain a 10% chance to make the target flinch. Evolves Gligar into Gliscor when held and leveled up during the night.

Razz Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Reaper Cloth
Evolves Dusclops into Dusknoir when traded.

Red Card
If holder survives a hit, attacker is forced to switch to a random ally. Single use.

Red Orb
If held by a Groudon, this item triggers its Primal Reversion in battle.

Repeat Ball
A Poke Ball that works well on Pokemon species that were previously caught.

Rindo Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Grass-type attack. Single use.

Ring Target
The holder's type immunities granted solely by its typing are negated.

Rock Incense
Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Rocky Helmet
If holder is hit by a contact move, the attacker loses 1/6 of its max HP.

Root Fossil
Can be revived into Lileep.

Rose Incense
Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Roseli Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fairy-type attack. Single use.

Rowap Berry
If holder is hit by a special move, attacker loses 1/8 of its max HP. Single use.

Sablenite
If held by a Sableye, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Sachet
Evolves Spritzee into Aromatisse when traded.

Safety Goggles
Holder is immune to powder moves and damage from Sandstorm or Hail.

Sail Fossil
Can be revived into Amaura.

Salac Berry
Raises holder's Speed by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Salamencite
If held by a Salamence, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Sceptilite
If held by a Sceptile, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Scizorite
If held by a Scizor, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Scope Lens
Holder's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage.

Sea Incense
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Sharp Beak
Holder's Flying-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Sharpedonite
If held by a Sharpedo, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Shed Shell
Holder cannot be prevented from choosing to switch out by any effect.

Shell Bell
After an attack, holder gains 1/8 of the damage in HP dealt to other Pokemon.

Shiny Stone
Evolves Togetic into Togekiss, Roselia into Roserade, Minccino into Cinccino, and Floette into Florges when used.

Shock Drive
Holder's Techno Blast is Electric type.

Shuca Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ground-type attack. Single use.

Silk Scarf
Holder's Normal-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Silver Powder
Holder's Bug-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Sitrus Berry
Restores 1/4 max HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Skull Fossil
Can be revived into Cranidos.

Sky Plate
Holder's Flying-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Flying type.

Slowbronite
If held by a Slowbro, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Smooth Rock
Holder's use of Sandstorm lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Snowball
Raises holder's Attack by 1 if hit by an Ice-type attack. Single use.

Soft Sand
Holder's Ground-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Soul Dew
If held by a Latias or a Latios, its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def are 1.5x.

Spell Tag
Holder's Ghost-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Spelon Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Splash Plate
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Water type.

Spooky Plate
Holder's Ghost-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ghost type.

Starf Berry
Raises a random stat by 2 when at 1/4 max HP or less (not acc/eva). Single use.

Steelixite
If held by a Steelix, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Stick
If held by a Farfetch'd, its critical hit ratio is raised by 2 stages.

Sticky Barb
Each turn, holder loses 1/8 max HP. An attacker making contact can receive it.

Stone Plate
Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Rock type.

Sun Stone
Evolves Gloom into Bellossom, Sunkern into Sunflora, Cottonee into Whimsicott, Petilil into Lilligant, and Helioptile into Heliolisk when used.

Swampertite
If held by a Swampert, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Tamato Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Tanga Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Bug-type attack. Single use.

Thick Club
If held by a Cubone or a Marowak, its Attack is doubled.

Thunder Stone
Evolves Pikachu into Raichu or Alolan Raichu, Eevee into Jolteon, and Eelektrik into Eelektross when used.

Timer Ball
A Poke Ball that becomes better the more turns there are in a battle.

Toxic Orb
At the end of every turn, this item attempts to badly poison the holder.

Toxic Plate
Holder's Poison-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Poison type.

Twisted Spoon
Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Tyranitarite
If held by a Tyranitar, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Ultra Ball
An ultra-performance Ball that provides a higher catch rate than a Great Ball.

Up-Grade
Evolves Porygon into Porygon2 when traded.

Venusaurite
If held by a Venusaur, this item allows it to Mega Evolve in battle.

Wacan Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Electric-type attack. Single use.

Water Stone
Evolves Poliwhirl into Poliwrath, Shellder into Cloyster, Staryu into Starmie, Eevee into Vaporeon, Lombre into Ludicolo, and Panpour into Simipour when used.

Watmel Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Wave Incense
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Weakness Policy
If holder is hit super effectively, raises Attack, Sp. Atk by 2 stages. Single use.

Wepear Berry
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Whipped Dream
Evolves Swirlix into Slurpuff when traded.

White Herb
Restores all lowered stat stages to 0 when one is less than 0. Single use.

Wide Lens
The accuracy of attacks by the holder is 1.1x.

Wiki Berry
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -SpA Nature. Single use.

Wise Glasses
Holder's special attacks have 1.1x power.

Yache Berry
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ice-type attack. Single use.

Zap Plate
Holder's Electric-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Electric type.

Zoom Lens
The accuracy of attacks by the holder is 1.2x if it moves after its target.
