Adamant Orb (金刚宝珠)
If held by a Dialga, its Steel- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Aguav Berry (乐芭果)
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -SpD Nature. Single use.

Apicot Berry (杏仔果)
Raises holder's Sp. Def by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Armor Fossil (盾甲化石)
Can be revived into Shieldon.

Aspear Berry (利木果)
Holder is cured if it is frozen. Single use.

Babiri Berry (霹霹果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Steel-type attack. Single use.

Belue Berry (靛莓果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Berry Juice (树果汁)
Restores 20 HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Big Root (大根茎)
Holder gains 1.3x HP from draining moves, Aqua Ring, Ingrain, and Leech Seed.

Black Belt (黑带)
Holder's Fighting-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Black Glasses (黑色眼镜)
Holder's Dark-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Black Sludge (黑色污泥)
Each turn, if holder is a Poison type, restores 1/16 max HP; loses 1/8 if not.

Bright Powder (光粉)
The accuracy of attacks against the holder is 0.9x.

Charcoal (木炭)
Holder's Fire-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Charti Berry (草蚕果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Rock-type attack. Single use.

Cheri Berry (樱子果)
Holder cures itself if it is paralyzed. Single use.

Chesto Berry (零余果)
Holder wakes up if it is asleep. Single use.

Chilan Berry (灯浆果)
Halves damage taken from a Normal-type attack. Single use.

Choice Band (讲究头带)
Holder's Attack is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Choice Scarf (讲究围巾)
Holder's Speed is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Choice Specs (讲究眼镜)
Holder's Sp. Atk is 1.5x, but it can only select the first move it executes.

Chople Berry (莲蒲果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fighting-type attack. Single use.

Claw Fossil (爪子化石)
Can be revived into Anorith.

Coba Berry (棱瓜果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Flying-type attack. Single use.

Colbur Berry (刺耳果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Dark-type attack. Single use.

Cornn Berry (玉黍果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Custap Berry (释陀果)
Holder moves first in its priority bracket when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Damp Rock (潮湿岩石)
Holder's use of Rain Dance lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Dawn Stone (觉醒之石)
Evolves male Kirlia into Gallade and female Snorunt into Froslass when used.

Deep Sea Scale (深海鳞片)
If held by a Clamperl, its Sp. Def is doubled. Evolves Clamperl into Gorebyss when traded.

Deep Sea Tooth (深海之牙)
If held by a Clamperl, its Sp. Atk is doubled. Evolves Clamperl into Huntail when traded.

Destiny Knot (红线)
If holder becomes infatuated, the other Pokemon also becomes infatuated.

Dive Ball (潜水球)
A Poke Ball that works especially well on Pokemon that live underwater.

Dome Fossil (甲壳化石)
Can be revived into Kabuto.

Draco Plate (龙之石板)
Holder's Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Dragon type.

Dragon Fang (龙之牙)
Holder's Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Dragon Scale (龙之鳞片)
Evolves Seadra into Kingdra when traded.

Dread Plate (恶颜石板)
Holder's Dark-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Dark type.

Dubious Disc (可疑补丁)
Evolves Porygon2 into Porygon-Z when traded.

Durin Berry (金枕果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Dusk Ball (黑暗球)
A Poke Ball that makes it easier to catch wild Pokemon at night or in caves.

Dusk Stone (暗之石)
Evolves Murkrow into Honchkrow, Misdreavus into Mismagius, Lampent into Chandelure, and Doublade into Aegislash when used.

Earth Plate (大地石板)
Holder's Ground-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ground type.

Electirizer (电力增幅器)
Evolves Electabuzz into Electivire when traded.

Enigma Berry (谜芝果)
Restores 1/4 max HP after holder is hit by a supereffective move. Single use.

Expert Belt (达人带)
Holder's attacks that are super effective against the target do 1.2x damage.

Fast Ball (速度球)
A Poke Ball that makes it easier to catch Pokemon which are quick to run away.

Figy Berry (勿花果)
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -Atk Nature. Single use.

Fire Stone (火之石)
Evolves Vulpix into Ninetales, Growlithe into Arcanine, Eevee into Flareon, and Pansear into Simisear when used.

Fist Plate (拳头石板)
Holder's Fighting-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fighting type.

Flame Orb (火焰宝珠)
At the end of every turn, this item attempts to burn the holder.

Flame Plate (火球石板)
Holder's Fire-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Fire type.

Focus Band (气势头带)
Holder has a 10% chance to survive an attack that would KO it with 1 HP.

Focus Sash (气势披带)
If holder's HP is full, survives all hits of one attack with at least 1 HP. Single use.

Friend Ball (友友球)
A Poke Ball that makes caught Pokemon more friendly.

Full Incense (饱腹薰香)
Holder moves last in its priority bracket.

Ganlon Berry (龙睛果)
Raises holder's Defense by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Great Ball (超级球)
A high-performance Ball that provides a higher catch rate than a Poke Ball.

Grepa Berry (萄葡果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Grip Claw (紧缠钩爪)
Holder's partial-trapping moves always last 7 turns.

Griseous Orb (白金宝珠)
Can only be held by Giratina. Its Ghost- & Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Haban Berry (莓榴果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Dragon-type attack. Single use.

Hard Stone (硬石头)
Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Heal Ball (治愈球)
A remedial Poke Ball that restores the caught Pokemon's HP and status problem.

Heat Rock (炽热岩石)
Holder's use of Sunny Day lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Heavy Ball (沉重球)
A Poke Ball for catching very heavy Pokemon.

Helix Fossil (贝壳化石)
Can be revived into Omanyte.

Hondew Berry (哈密果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Iapapa Berry (芭亚果)
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -Def Nature. Single use.

Icicle Plate (冰柱石板)
Holder's Ice-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ice type.

Icy Rock (冰冷岩石)
Holder's use of Hail lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Insect Plate (玉虫石板)
Holder's Bug-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Bug type.

Iron Ball (黑色铁球)
Holder's Speed is halved and it becomes grounded.

Iron Plate (钢铁石板)
Holder's Steel-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Steel type.

Jaboca Berry (嘉珍果)
If holder is hit by a physical move, attacker loses 1/8 of its max HP. Single use.

Kasib Berry (佛柑果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ghost-type attack. Single use.

Kebia Berry (通通果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Poison-type attack. Single use.

Kelpsy Berry (藻根果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

King's Rock (王者之证)
Holder's attacks without a chance to make the target flinch gain a 10% chance to make the target flinch. Evolves Poliwhirl into Politoed and Slowpoke into Slowking when traded.

Lagging Tail (后攻之尾)
Holder moves last in its priority bracket.

Lansat Berry (兰萨果)
Holder gains the Focus Energy effect when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Lax Incense (悠闲薰香)
The accuracy of attacks against the holder is 0.9x.

Leaf Stone (叶之石)
Evolves Gloom into Vileplume, Weepinbell into Victreebel, Exeggcute into Exeggutor or Alolan Exeggutor, Nuzleaf into Shiftry, and Pansage into Simisage when used.

Leftovers (吃剩的东西)
At the end of every turn, holder restores 1/16 of its max HP.

Leppa Berry (苹野果)
Restores 10 PP to the first of the holder's moves to reach 0 PP. Single use.

Level Ball (等级球)
A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that are a lower level than your own.

Liechi Berry (枝荔果)
Raises holder's Attack by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Life Orb (生命宝珠)
Holder's attacks do 1.3x damage, and it loses 1/10 its max HP after the attack.

Light Ball (电气球)
If held by a Pikachu, its attacks have their power doubled.

Light Clay (光之黏土)
Holder's use of Light Screen or Reflect lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Love Ball (甜蜜球)
Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that are the opposite gender of your Pokemon.

Lucky Punch (吉利拳)
If held by a Chansey, its critical hit ratio is raised by 2 stages.

Lum Berry (木子果)
Holder cures itself if it has a non-volatile status or is confused. Single use.

Lure Ball (诱饵球)
A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon hooked by a Rod when fishing.

Lustrous Orb (白玉宝珠)
If held by a Palkia, its Water- and Dragon-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Luxury Ball (豪华球)
A comfortable Poke Ball that makes a caught wild Pokemon quickly grow friendly.

Macho Brace (强制锻炼器)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Magmarizer (熔岩增幅器)
Evolves Magmar into Magmortar when traded.

Magnet (磁铁)
Holder's Electric-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Mago Berry (芒芒果)
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -Spe Nature. Single use.

Magost Berry (岳竹果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Mail
Cannot be given to or taken from a Pokemon, except by Covet/Knock Off/Thief.

Master Ball (大师球)
The best Ball with the ultimate performance. It will catch any wild Pokemon.

Meadow Plate (碧绿石板)
Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Grass type.

Mental Herb (心灵香草)
Holder is cured if it is infatuated. Single use.

Metal Coat (金属膜)
Holder's Steel-type attacks have 1.2x power. Evolves Onix into Steelix and Scyther into Scizor when traded.

Metal Powder (金属粉)
If held by a Ditto that hasn't Transformed, its Defense is doubled.

Metronome (节拍器)
Damage of moves used on consecutive turns is increased. Max 2x after 10 turns.

Micle Berry (奇秘果)
Holder's next move has 1.2x accuracy when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Mind Plate (神奇石板)
Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Psychic type.

Miracle Seed (奇迹种子)
Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Moon Ball (月亮球)
A Poke Ball for catching Pokemon that evolve using the Moon Stone.

Moon Stone (月之石)
Evolves Nidorina into Nidoqueen, Nidorino into Nidoking, Clefairy into Clefable, Jigglypuff into Wigglytuff, Skitty into Delcatty, and Munna into Musharna when used.

Muscle Band (力量头带)
Holder's physical attacks have 1.1x power.

Mystic Water (神秘水滴)
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Nanab Berry (蕉香果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Nest Ball (巢穴球)
A Poke Ball that works especially well on weaker Pokemon in the wild.

Net Ball (捕网球)
A Poke Ball that works especially well on Water- and Bug-type Pokemon.

Never-Melt Ice (不融冰)
Holder's Ice-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Nomel Berry (檬柠果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Occa Berry (巧可果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Fire-type attack. Single use.

Odd Incense (奇异薰香)
Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Old Amber (秘密琥珀)
Can be revived into Aerodactyl.

Oran Berry (橙橙果)
Restores 10 HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Oval Stone (浑圆之石)
Evolves Happiny into Chansey when held and leveled up during the day.

Pamtre Berry (椰木果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Passho Berry (千香果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Water-type attack. Single use.

Payapa Berry (福禄果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Psychic-type attack. Single use.

Pecha Berry (桃桃果)
Holder is cured if it is poisoned. Single use.

Persim Berry (柿仔果)
Holder is cured if it is confused. Single use.

Petaya Berry (龙火果)
Raises holder's Sp. Atk by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Poison Barb (毒针)
Holder's Poison-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Poke Ball (精灵球)
A device for catching wild Pokemon. It is designed as a capsule system.

Pomeg Berry (榴石果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Power Anklet (力量护踝)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Band (力量束带)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Belt (力量腰带)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Bracer (力量护腕)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Herb (强力香草)
Holder's two-turn moves complete in one turn (except Sky Drop). Single use.

Power Lens (力量镜)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Power Weight (力量负重)
Holder's Speed is halved. The Klutz Ability does not ignore this effect.

Premier Ball (纪念球)
A rare Poke Ball that has been crafted to commemorate an event.

Protector (护具)
Evolves Rhydon into Rhyperior when traded.

Qualot Berry (比巴果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Quick Ball (先机球)
A Poke Ball that provides a better catch rate at the start of a wild encounter.

Quick Claw (先制之爪)
Each turn, holder has a 20% chance to move first in its priority bracket.

Quick Powder (速度粉)
If held by a Ditto that hasn't Transformed, its Speed is doubled.

Rabuta Berry (茸丹果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Rare Bone (贵重骨头)
No competitive use other than when used with Fling.

Rawst Berry (莓莓果)
Holder is cured if it is burned. Single use.

Razor Claw (锐利之爪)
Holder's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage. Evolves Sneasel into Weavile when held and leveled up during the night.

Razor Fang (锐利之牙)
Holder's attacks without a chance to make the target flinch gain a 10% chance to make the target flinch. Evolves Gligar into Gliscor when held and leveled up during the night.

Razz Berry (蔓莓果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Reaper Cloth (灵界之布)
Evolves Dusclops into Dusknoir when traded.

Repeat Ball (重复球)
A Poke Ball that works well on Pokemon species that were previously caught.

Rindo Berry (罗子果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Grass-type attack. Single use.

Rock Incense (岩石薰香)
Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Root Fossil (根状化石)
Can be revived into Lileep.

Rose Incense (花朵薰香)
Holder's Grass-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Rowap Berry (雾莲果)
If holder is hit by a special move, attacker loses 1/8 of its max HP. Single use.

Salac Berry (沙鳞果)
Raises holder's Speed by 1 stage when at 1/4 max HP or less. Single use.

Scope Lens (焦点镜)
Holder's critical hit ratio is raised by 1 stage.

Sea Incense (海潮薰香)
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Sharp Beak (锐利鸟嘴)
Holder's Flying-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Shed Shell (美丽空壳)
Holder may switch out even when trapped by another Pokemon, or by Ingrain.

Shell Bell (贝壳之铃)
After an attack, holder gains 1/8 of the damage in HP dealt to other Pokemon.

Shiny Stone (光之石)
Evolves Togetic into Togekiss, Roselia into Roserade, Minccino into Cinccino, and Floette into Florges when used.

Shuca Berry (腰木果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ground-type attack. Single use.

Silk Scarf (丝绸围巾)
Holder's Normal-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Silver Powder (银粉)
Holder's Bug-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Sitrus Berry (文柚果)
Restores 1/4 max HP when at 1/2 max HP or less. Single use.

Skull Fossil (头盖化石)
Can be revived into Cranidos.

Sky Plate (蓝天石板)
Holder's Flying-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Flying type.

Smooth Rock (沙沙岩石)
Holder's use of Sandstorm lasts 8 turns instead of 5.

Soft Sand (柔软沙子)
Holder's Ground-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Soul Dew (心之水滴)
If held by a Latias or a Latios, its Sp. Atk and Sp. Def are 1.5x.

Spell Tag (咒术之符)
Holder's Ghost-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Spelon Berry (刺角果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Splash Plate (水滴石板)
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Water type.

Spooky Plate (妖怪石板)
Holder's Ghost-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Ghost type.

Sport Ball (竞赛球)
A special Poke Ball for the Bug-Catching Contest.

Starf Berry (星桃果)
Raises a random stat by 2 when at 1/4 max HP or less (not acc/eva). Single use.

Stick
If held by a Farfetch'd, its critical hit ratio is raised by 2 stages.

Sticky Barb (附着针)
Each turn, holder loses 1/8 max HP. An attacker making contact can receive it.

Stone Plate (岩石石板)
Holder's Rock-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Rock type.

Sun Stone (日之石)
Evolves Gloom into Bellossom, Sunkern into Sunflora, Cottonee into Whimsicott, Petilil into Lilligant, and Helioptile into Heliolisk when used.

Tamato Berry (茄番果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Tanga Berry (扁樱果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Bug-type attack. Single use.

Thick Club (粗骨头)
If held by a Cubone or a Marowak, its Attack is doubled.

Thunder Stone (雷之石)
Evolves Pikachu into Raichu or Alolan Raichu, Eevee into Jolteon, and Eelektrik into Eelektross when used.

Timer Ball (计时球)
A Poke Ball that becomes better the more turns there are in a battle.

Toxic Orb (剧毒宝珠)
At the end of every turn, this item attempts to badly poison the holder.

Toxic Plate (剧毒石板)
Holder's Poison-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Poison type.

Twisted Spoon (弯曲的汤匙)
Holder's Psychic-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Ultra Ball (高级球)
An ultra-performance Ball that provides a higher catch rate than a Great Ball.

Up-Grade (升级数据)
Evolves Porygon into Porygon2 when traded.

Wacan Berry (烛木果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Electric-type attack. Single use.

Water Stone (水之石)
Evolves Poliwhirl into Poliwrath, Shellder into Cloyster, Staryu into Starmie, Eevee into Vaporeon, Lombre into Ludicolo, and Panpour into Simipour when used.

Watmel Berry (瓜西果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

Wave Incense (涟漪薰香)
Holder's Water-type attacks have 1.2x power.

Wepear Berry (西梨果)
Cannot be eaten by the holder. No effect when eaten with Bug Bite or Pluck.

White Herb (白色香草)
Restores all lowered stat stages to 0 when one is less than 0. Single use.

Wide Lens (广角镜)
The accuracy of attacks by the holder is 1.1x.

Wiki Berry (异奇果)
Restores 1/8 max HP at 1/2 max HP or less; confuses if -SpA Nature. Single use.

Wise Glasses (博识眼镜)
Holder's special attacks have 1.1x power.

Yache Berry (番荔果)
Halves damage taken from a supereffective Ice-type attack. Single use.

Zap Plate (雷电石板)
Holder's Electric-type attacks have 1.2x power. Judgment is Electric type.

Zoom Lens (对焦镜)
The accuracy of attacks by the holder is 1.2x if it moves after its target.
